content/sections/2-About.md, before:

---
anchor: "Story"
header: "Our Story So far"
subheader: "Our Story"
timeline:
  [
    {
      imageFileName: "about/1.jpg",
      header: "September 2016",
      subheader: "First met",
      content:
        "👧: Stomping angrily down 34th St and frowning…in her mind 'F*ck that parking ticket…whyyyy?' 👦: Walking to class, minding his own business…saw girl “Oohhh it’s that new girl i saw on fb..cute..
        …",
    },
    {
      imageFileName: "about/2.jpg",
      header: "March 2017",
      subheader: "Officially Dating",
      content: "Many texts, calls, and 2 times of chasing each other around the world later…",
    },
    {
      imageFileName: "about/3.jpg",
      header: "May 2017",
      subheader: "Long-distance",
      content: "Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipisicing elit. Minima maxime quam architecto quo inventore harum ex magni, dicta impedit.",
    },
    {
      imageFileName: "about/4.jpg",
      header: "September 2018",
      subheader: "Got Engaged!",
      content: "Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipisicing elit. Minima maxime quam architecto quo inventore harum ex magni, dicta impedit.",
    },
    {
      imageFileName: "about/5.jpg",
      header: "January 2020",
      subheader: "Our family grows",
      content: "Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipisicing elit. Minima maxime quam architecto quo inventore harum ex magni, dicta impedit.",
    },
    {
      imageFileName: "about/6.jpg",
      header: "March 2020",
      subheader: "Ended long-distance",
      content: "Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipisicing elit. Minima maxime quam architecto quo inventore harum ex magni, dicta impedit.",
    },
    { header: "March 2023", subheader: "Commitment", imageContent: "We're\r\nGetting\r\nMarried!" },
  ]
---

Commit message:

add more content and adjust

content/sections/2-About.md, after:

---
anchor: "Story"
header: "Our Story So far"
subheader: "Our Story"
timeline:
  [
    {
      imageFileName: "about/1.jpg",
      header: "September 2016",
      subheader: "First Sightings of Each Other in the Wild",
      content: "Vy and Huan first caught sight of each other at Drexel University, during a club’s event. Vy’s first impression of Huan was that he was such an obnoxious (nham nhở) person. Yet when asked out that same night, Vy still agreed to go for the sake of networking. Little did she know she was networking for a lifetime commitment…",
    },
    {
      imageFileName: "about/2.jpg",
      header: "March 2017",
      subheader: "Reward for the stubborn obnoxious boy",
      content: "Vy finally realized that Huan was a little less obnoxious than she initially thought and decided to give their relationship a chance to bud on March 12th, 2017. It was the best 2 months of their life, being able to be close to each other. Yet they knew deep down what they were enjoying were just temporary…",
    },
    {
      imageFileName: "about/3.jpg",
      header: "May 2017",
      subheader: "The start of many hellos and goodbyes",
      content: "Huan departed Philadelphia and relocated to Toronto in September 2017. By that time, they haven’t met each other since May. Huan made his first trip back to Philly to see Vy in August, and all felt right again when they were together. However, they realized that it was just the start of their biggest test, distance. Philly and Toronto was close enough for them to visit each other once every month, but no matter how much joy they felt during the hellos, their hearts became heavier and heavier with each goodbyes…",
    },
    {
      imageFileName: "about/4.jpg",
      header: "September 2018",
      subheader: "A helicopter ride and a kneel",
      content: "Vy was visiting Toronto to help Huan move into his new place. He randomly took her to Billy Bishop Airport unbeknownst of any intention since nothing was planned before. They hopped on a helicopter ride around Toronto downtown core. The experience was overwhelming enough for Vy, who had never been on a helicopter. Once the ride is over, Vy’s soul, which hadn’t even reached the ground, got lifted up again when Huan kneel down and popped the ultimate question. YES.",
    },
    {
      imageFileName: "about/5.jpg",
      header: "January 2020",
      subheader: "A fluffy boy joined us for the ride",
      content:
        "Vy and Huan always wanted to have a puppy in their life, but their distance prevented them from ever thinking of actually adopting one. Sensing that it was the right moment, Huan decided to one day ask Vy if she want him to adopt a puppy. That same evening, the adorable malshi pup, later came to be known as Soju joined their family. Vy immediately hopped on a bus ride to Toronto the following day to see her new “son”. The morning after, it was love at first sight for both of them. Adopted by Huan, but Soju had never been able to be away from Vy since that day.
        To Soju, we love you more than you will ever know. If there is another life, we wish that you will be our son by birth and that we will get a chance to raise you and give you the best life that you deserve to have. You are our little ray of sunshine amidst the worldly chaos that ensue since 2020. Thank you for entering our life and giving us the privilege of raising you into your adorable self that we love so dearly.
        ",
    },
    {
      imageFileName: "about/6.jpg",
      header: "March 2020",
      subheader: "A last minute escape erased the distance",
      content: "As COVID was raging on all over North America, Huan rushed over to Philly to pick Vy up as he feared that the border between the two countries might be closed. After a last minute scare that the border might be closed while they’re still in the US, they rushed back to Canada in the night and made it back to Toronto just in time. “How long will you remain in Canada?” – asked the border agent. “Two weeks” – said Vy. Little did she know, that two weeks was actually two years, enough time for her to call Toronto home and establish a life together with Huan and Soju. At last, the average distance between them is reduced to within arms reach.",
    },
    {
      imageFileName: "about/7.jpg",
      header: "March 2023",
      subheader: "Pulling the trigger",
      content:
        "Having been with each other throughout 2020 to 2022, Vy and Huan quickly got used to life with each other. Many laughs were shared, and many arguments were mended. They felt that they’re finally ready to officially join one another under one roof. Huan and Vy’s wedding ceremony will take place on Saturday, March 4th, 2023.
        We hope that this event that mark the creation of our family will bring joy to all our friends and family. We thank you again for taking your time to read about our journey on how we get to where we are right now. We humbly ask for your well wishes and blessings as we kickstart this new and exciting journey together.",
    },
  ]
---
